but it went from like getting hard
flames and like into it and like people
dodging games constantly - oh yeah I
want Heimerdinger on my team oh yeah
this is great hey you want to like talk
to me about strats with timer and like
don't do this I'm like wow wait people
are like not they don't hate that I'm
playing high RunAs well we are here at
the gift of the rift event force for me
Oh at the BTS house I'm joined right now
by highs and on whoo I'm just meaning
for the first time what do you think of
it so far
honestly the food is fantastic I thought
well I heard that there is you know not
much green but I didn't think was like
that because I gave him Canada right and
like Toronto everything's green
everywhere right but the food here is I
feel like I'm gonna go back I'm just
gonna starve like I won't be able to eat
a regular Torontonian food so we we are
on the east side of LA if you go to the
west side near the coast it's a lot more
green you'll see a lot of green over
there fair enough you just need to be
near the ocean
but yeah you're from Toronto so I is it
okay what's the is it nice coming over
here right now is it like basically
equivalent in terms of weather same
weather same whether it's pretty much
the same temperature I think there was
like a bunch of rain coming very soon so
I'm glad that I'm avoiding that I guess
thunderstorms and so yeah there's
like a massive flooding - yeah recently
which is like the opposite of what's
happening here so I'd rather be here for
for a bit but honestly I want to visit
beaches heard beaches you're like really
nice and over there they're not really
as that's nice so if you can give me
some recommendations that'll be good
after yeah well do that Malibu is really
nice oh so this is your first time
coming up to California is this one of
like the obviously there's not like an
audience here but is it one of the
bigger events you've attended so I'm
sort of being on-screen with a lot of
these big names ya know for like
I've pretty much never met any of these
people in real life in real life before
because I'll like live here right I only
know like Santorin Kelsey voyboy
Moe wheat they all came to Toronto we
met up there for events but now like I'm
coming here the world of like eastwards
like he pretty much like the hub right
it's California so I get to like finally
meet all these people that I flame and
flaming we have fun and so he's like
weird we joke around but now I get to
like do it in person and it's just super
super
citing you should are you around for the
next couple that you should try to go to
LCS tomorrow oh I do have to fly back in
like a day and a half two days tomorrow
you can make it to the studios you
should go teamliquid a hundred thieves
yeah I'll try I'll try I'll see if the
flake and if I can make it what how
that's to buy tickets or like I think
you could find somebody that could get
you in you should yeah you should I mean
last minute you should try to figure out
if maybe they can bring you on the
analyst desk or something like that oh
my god I would just shout no only things
about heimerdinger's didn't nobody even
plays I ran out but still I mean there's
a conversation to be had I don't know
either way so you're out here one of the
talking about heimerdinger we were kind
of talking about this on the the cast
and I I hope this is an offensive but
like you blew up with the heimerdinger
thing right like people obviously knew
who you were but that's amazing because
I mean it's it's cool I just don't I
don't want you feeling like well people
talk about always bringing up
heimerdinger right no audience i feel
like i annoy the out of people
because it's just like himer this higher
that himer is already an annoying
champion to play against he's
obnoxious and i know that cuz when i
play against them i hate it
right like I don't want like annoying
people but when they mentioned my name
or like say ok this guy coached this and
he brought this strat it's like
obviously it's it's good publicity but
it gets to a point where I'm like I feel
like people are gonna know I got like
messages all the time like you've ruined
soloqueue you're a piece of like
I'm sorry
well my intention well what we were we
were talking again and you you mentioned
you know like one tricks are usually
kind of hated but this is like a great
moment for you and it must be kind of
fun to sort of in random also that like
heimerdinger of all champions like
you're sitting there you're playing
you're doing your Heimerdinger thing and
all of a sudden you become like the the
most wanted man in North America is I
almost pulled the tripod over with this
cable yeah I was gonna say like for the
two or three years probably two and a
half close to three years all that it
would happen my place I'm just getting
flamed like just flame for picking high
flavors anything off meta cuz I just
play off meta stuff I always play like
the random mordekaiser solo Lane like
because I just I've been playing the
game since beta and don't to have fun
it's like I kind of play the things that
people are not spamming 24/7 and I watch
stream so I like I don't want to play
Camille I don't want to play you know
the same things that I see all the time
and so it's like I'm used to getting
flamed but it went from like getting
hard flamed and like into it and like
people dodging games constantly - oh
yeah I want a Heimerdinger on my team oh
yeah this is great hey you want to like
talk to me those strats a timer and like
you don't do this I'm like wow wait
people are like not they don't hate that
I'm playing Huayra now so it just went
from like here to here instantly that's
pretty much that's pretty much how I
felt well you can lean into that now I
think you should just become the guy who
plays all the crazy stuff and then
hopefully like the next next year
there's like another one and it's just a
beautiful week um the expert the go-to
for all these weird champions I want to
ask you what do you think the next pic
is we think the next crazy thing is I
have no idea we were talking about this
on on stream it feels like normally what
ends up happening is that champion gets
reworked and then it's wildly different
and then that's when it comes back into
the sunlight heimerdinger's kind of odd
in that like obviously there's been
stuff that's been done to him someone
recently but it was really like a
confluence of other events that allowed
him to come into the meadow yeah I think
Baron changing was like huge because you
used to be able to like you would do
Baron fast but it would it wouldn't mess
you up like it would rek u 1v1 but I
mean made it like do more a oe damage
like let's single target damage so
higher you just do it like whenever
right and it's Baron right now is just
like you get it you pretty much turn the
game for for most situations when you
get Baron and the games are ending
really fast at least one hymen was meta
so it would just be like objective
control push the lane they can't jump
into me you can't really die so you just
keep like pushing Lane doing like dragon
pushing and it was just like really
obnoxious playstyle but higher just
excelled at it right yeah that's true
other than that any good moments with
any of the guys here and personally it
was fun having you know so on the on the
couch earlier yeah we have Chevy was on
our team he's like a bodybuilders gonif
like mr. Olympia and he was like he's
like the most hype player I've ever seen
he hyped everybody get me cutie scar we
were all screaming round because he was
screaming despite the language barrier
oh dude it's like they made it even
better honestly I'm not even kidding
because you kind of knew what he was
saying from just his emotion and that
honestly was
I've never seen cutie pie just like yell
and scream as much as he did during
those games I think I'm probably gonna
go back and those in the stream and like
get the cliff so that's not because it
was hilarious that's really cool and now
I I mean what overall thoughts on your
performance this event and the team oh
oh okay that's I missed I messed up real
good I made a bet with Moe that because
I was just trying to talk I just
trying talking my right
I know yes well sondheimer there's
like no way I went but I was talking
about you if I on you in this
counter mattre for you it's gonna be
like hilarious and then i just got rekt
I just got rolled so so that was kind of
disappointing
and then we pushed Chevy in the top lane
I went to support because he wanted to
place all the lanes and I was with cutie
pie
unfortunately you know how that goes you
know how that goes plates I on a DC that
explain it's a little I mean you you
pick unconventional picks you pick
unconventional picks and now you're you
can't you can't get mad at him for doing
sound a DC no no I let him down I think
because I'm not used to it I had no idea
went but like he had his moments where
he built like storm racer on Scion and
the animation for that so it's good punt
right and so I'm like oh he's dead here
and then he just like punts the ad and
just Q's and I'm like I'm like wait a
sec this is Opie I'm the one family so
but it was fun man obviously everyone
was just having fun and that's there's
like no pressure you know I mean this is
just a charity event even if you win or
lose you're just gonna like yeah you're
gonna have a good time
hey anything you would say to anybody
out there who maybe they've heard a lot
about you and this is the first time
they've had a chance to this event or
anything or maybe they're a fan of yours
for a while anything you would say to
anybody out there
thanks for just being a fan if you are
and if you if you aren't dude I I'm
telling you guys the way to fun is to
just play whatever the you want
don't really care about your teammates
if they flame you you're gonna get
flamed regardless and listen if you're a
jungler you're gonna get flame regret if
you're a bot laner it weather support
you're gonna get flamed by the other
person anyway if your top laner nobody's
even talking to you you're in an island
so just have fun play your and yeah
don't worry what people think very good
advice and certainly advice that has
served you well I think yeah thank you
so much for the
for everyone so you can show you the
rest my coverage of all things eSports
right here I'm on YouTube channel
behind me is a giant Valley a giant
Valley that I have behind me because I'm
at gift the rift which is being paid on
by Swami oh shout out to them but back
to the valley this is a value that one
day Travis cafard Industries could just
own could have all this but it requires
your help you guys sub to the YouTube
channel you got to follow me on Twitch
you got to throw out twitch prime sub in
there if you want you got to click the
links of the description you got to show
your support so that we can grow Travis
cafard industries so they can own this
entire valley and then start to exact
the plans that I've been making for
quite some time I can't go into those
but all this could be Travis Khafre
industries with your support so just go
ahead and click the links below and
thanks so much